going to show you three little birds by
Bob Marley it's in the key of a and
you've got bass notes or now when it
when they play it they go right that's
the opening line on the bass line that
you got right and then your treble goes
maybe a B c-sharp green now in his piece
he keeps that going through the piece
but I can't play that and the chords and
the bass and the melody because he's
singing the melody I'm going to show you
the chords also you've got me now your a
chord is AC sharp me see you see to me
taking me down there so you've got the
corner and you go to a D all you got to
do is slide you keep the a and you slide
the C sharp to the D just slide the e to
the F sharp so you're going to go from
this chord you're going to go to this
chord D back to me and then when you go
to an E chord all you do is slide these
two notes down to G sharp and B you keep
the e because you're ecord three five on
e it's a frame black/white major chord
the G sharp in the middle so you've got
a quarter
B c-sharp D chord riff sharp a sharp
teeth and then you've got a card and the
only reason I show you the chords
somebody want to sing and all you wanted
to do is a company I'm going to show you
the melody the melody a c-sharp B a B C
sharp C sharp e sharp injury sharp F
sharp G sharp F sharp E
singing on E C sharp E B C sharp E C
sharp E picture if your f sharp F sharp
G sharp F sharp E
be me he C sharp C sharp C sharp C C
sharp E
picture picture picture picture gives
your team if sharp a sharp B C sharp C
sharp beats me and then we'll end with
Christmas message and that's gonna go
pick me pick me pick me sharp it I like
to play that with both hands so here we
go from the beginning so that
introductions
once I get to the melody I'll just hit
this hit a single based on c-sharp a go
to the D
use your feet down to the D
Oh
you
and of course as always if you want to
get the letter note transcription of
that you want to be able to see it and
have it so that you can work it out
slowly you've got all the notes there
you've got the lyrics on there let's
download it for free letter note player
calm has your bass progression it has
the chords that I mentioned you've got
the introduction your right hand melody
and enhanced together letter note player
calm